Fixed what I believe to be typos (#2049)
scala/docs.scala-lang: _overviews/scala3-book/methods-most.md

Here’s another version of `isTruthy`, written with a `match` expression :

```scala
def isTruthy(a: Matchable) = a match
  case 0 | "" => false
  case _ => true
```

> This method works just like the previous method that used an `if`/`else` expression. We use `Matchable` instead of `Any` as the parameter's type because it's a safer alternative that will still admit any concrete value or reference.

Reviewer: What about the following?

```suggestion
This method works just like the previous method that used an `if`/`else` expression. We use `Matchable` instead of `Any` as the parameter's type to accept any value that supports pattern matching.
```

Here’s another version of `isTruthy`, written with a `match` expression :

```scala

> def isTruthy(a: Matchable) = a match

Reviewer: May I ask to add a comment/link about `Matchable`?

Author: Hi @julienrf! I added a short `Matchable` mention and a link to the more complete reference page. Let me know if the phrasing is right.
